Fix install VMware (#3037)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_installing-vmware-plugin.adoc

----
# {foreman-installer} --enable-foreman-compute-vmware
----

.Verification

> * In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer > About* and select the _Available Providers_ tab to verify the installation of the VMware plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer > About* and under *System Status*, select the _Available Providers_ tab to verify the installation of the VMware plugin.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *About*.
* Under *System Status*, select the *Available Providers* tab to verify the installation of the VMware plugin.
```

Building upon Brian's suggestions, I think we should split these sentences.
